Update CTAs to use the new design (#13190)
docker/docker.github.io: docker-hub/builds/index.md

title: Set up Automated Builds
---

{% include upgrade-cta.html

>   body="The Automated Builds feature is available for Pro or Team plans only. Upgrade your existing account to a Pro or a Team plan to start using Automated Builds."

Reviewer: Slight technical correction, bit less repetition:

```suggestion
  body="The Automated Builds feature is available on Pro and Team plans. Upgrade your existing plan to start automatically building and pushing your images today."
```

Author: Updated
